1. Can post requests be bookmarked? What are the problems?
A post request can be bookmarked but since bookmarks keep only the url the submitted data will be lost.

2. What is the purpose of request dispatching?
The purpose of request dispatching is to forward requests to other resources in the servlet context.

3. What is the difference between redirect and request dispatch?
A redirect is a sends a request to an external resource outside the context of the current server while request dispatch sends requests to an internal resource
or a resource with in the same server container.

4. What is an attribute ?
An attribute is a name value pair object bound into the three servlet API objects.

5. What is the difference between attributes and parameters?
Parameters can be set by client requests while attributes are entirely set from server side.

6. What are dangers of using attributes?
Context scope and session scope attributes are not thread safe.

7. What does it mean to say that http is stateless? Give an example of a stateful protocol.
http is stateless because you can't store anything in its state. examples of stateful protocols include FTP(File Transfer Protocol)

8. Give 5 different methods for maintaining state information (count each attribute scope as one method).
Request scope
Application scope
Session scope
Cookies
Hidden fields

9. How long does a session last?
A sessions lifetime is determined by a configuration either in the web.xml or manually in code

10. What is a cookie, and how long does a cookie last?
A cookie is a message passed from a server to a web browser. On subsquent requests the browser sends the information in the cookie back to the server.
 A cookie's valid lifetime is determined by the server that sent it.

11. What is the purpose of URL rewriting?
Rewriting URLs helps make them shorter and easier to read and remember.

12. Why does the request attribute report ‘null’ for the maintaining state demo?
The request attribute is set to null because it's scope is only for a single request. So for another request, its value would be null.